Walk them back one of the most common interview questions when it comes to cues and stacks is this one.
Implement a cue using stacks.
The Yep you can implement cues using stacks.
And it's especially easy if you create a stack using a race.
Now this question is on Leatt code which is really really nice because we're able to see the solutions
explained as well as solutions in different languages.
If you go to discuss and type in let's say javascript we get solutions that people have submitted DNC
votes as well of the answer of how to do this.
If you want to check Python because let's say you are writing in Python.
Well they have that too.
Any language you want you can find here.
Now I have the answer for you as well.
And in this video right around here and the available resources you'll see a REPL with my answer on
it.
But I want to challenge you and pretend you are in an interview to implement.
Q Using stacks.
How would you go about doing it.
You can actually even coded on the lead code website if you want using whichever language you want.
And just a heads up here if you are using javascript that they use the prototype way of adding methods
but the class syntax that I showed you is the newer version.
It's underneath the hood.
It's the exact same thing as doing dot prototype.
However it just looks cleaner using the class syntax.
So that's why we did so good luck with that.
Have fun and I'll link to the solution code for you.
Right over here.